\par
Since our project is focused on Wikipedia documents, our primary dataset is, of
course, a dump of Wikipedia documents. In particular, we use the dump from
March 7th, 2012. This dump contains 12,131,628 documents, of which 730,953 are
geotagged documents - i.e. little more than 6\% of the documents in this
Wikipedia dump are geotagged articles.  We further reduce this number by only
considering geotagged documents that link to at least one other geotagged
document; this leaves us with 273,606 articles for our main experiments.
\par
There are multiple preparation steps required to use this data in our 
experiments. The most important, and the most complex, is the generation of the 
link structure graph needed to run label propagation on the corpus. This 
preparation involves extracting the internal links from the dumped Wikipedia 
articles, assigning each article a node ID (and producing a translated links 
graph), and then extracting the subgraph of inter-linked geotagged articles (as 
described before). Since we use grid cells as the labels for propagation, 
another important preparation is to assign every geographically labeled article 
to the correct grid cell. We use Textgrounder to generate the grid for us; 
given the correct parameters, it will dump out information for (at least) every 
non-empty grid cell that it generates. We extract these cells from the output 
log, and then determine, for every located article, which cell it belongs to.  
Having assigned every cell an identifier, we can feed our label propagation 
system (Junto) a subset of these documents with their gold labels to seed the 
label propagation. We also use the extracted cell information for evaluating, 
both for measures of correct cell prediction and measures of error distance.
\par %graph stats, cell stats.
Our current set of experiments use the 273,606 document graph; this graph has 
2,188,860 edges altogether, and an average degree (number of edges for any 
specific node) of 8 with a minimum of one and a maximum of 21,353. Our initial 
experiments use uniform geographic cells of size 1 degree, yielding 64,800 
cells, with 15,982 of them being non-empty (i.e. 24.6\% of the cells contain at 
least 1 document). 
